## Philosophy of Doubt


## Forsaken logic:

Commenting by Errata
Code for the Dead
The Garbage Generator

### Commenting by Errata:

\\\ex; js, node, php, etc drop down

To maximise garbage generation, and to assure non-executability, when writing abysmal apps, or AA's, we employ a casual "idea sharing"
development experience in which pseudocode is intentionaly intermixed in the code base, inspired from the informal practices by
the popular support groups known as Alcoholics Anonymous.

### Code for the Dead:

Abysmal apps can by design very easily cause quite serious side effects upon their execution, and the core coding paradigm is focussed
on necceitating the developer to predict code behaviour before execution. Thus only dead code should be commited to the .ajs parses and compiler stack.

### The Garbage Generator:

The parser and compiler thrive off of dead garbage, the more dead code, the better for the parser, and the more garbage is generated by that
code after being ressurected, the better for the compiler.

## Deification by Design produces Divinity;

Divinity is a property which indicates that an object has been approximated and/or extrapolated by neccesisty, and is measurable by the integration profiles of individual elements, in that completely Divine objects cannot, by definition, be described. The idea behind the naming convention stems from the discipline of Classical Philosophy where the existence of God is "proven", in that this case refers to the "absence of evidence" as proof of the existence and definition of a god. In that a god or a deity is any single or collection of functions that can be described behaviourally and/or morphologically, but of which the underlying mechanics are unknown.

The compiler code is unminned and beutified and then fed into a sub-routine which re-compiles the base as a datagram and interprets
it as possible machine instructions. The three dimensional form of this datagram is determined by the results from the original parsing
and compilations processes. Thus the more errors are fed into the system, the more complicated the initial seed algorithm is, and the 
outputted datagram can then be more precisely designed, studied and manipulated. This seed generation process is two-fold, with one 
route outputting an AST tree seed and the other constructing base-line neural nets and tensors for use by the AI-powered Continuous Compiler.

## Divine Functions

These are functions that are extrapolated to exist, in that their divinity derives from their lack of description, and hence the type setting of the original hypothesised form. Divine functions are analogous to hidden layers in neural networks, or automated linear algebra, i.e x+y=4 DF=>y={E of X => y=4-x}

### A stands for Abyss:
a language I made that goes crazy

### AA's : Abysmal Applications
Dual-weilding, internal-auto-API'ing, self-migrating DDMS

### AAA : Abysmal Application Architecture
There exists various Actors, Characters, Entities and Anomalies that emerge during the construction of an AA. These are listed and described merely as an _abysmal entomologists field guide_ since they arise in various variations and frequencies, depending on use case:

- Indigitamenta => API Schematics, datagrams and code maps.

- Augur => Similar to Observers, the assess network traffic and focus on curl and API analysis

- Tutelar => Firewalls, load balancers etc, anything that protects against damage

- Genius => Core libraries, critical functions, passcodes, hashing and encrypton info etc.

- Pomoerium => end of file system, end of file, end of memory, end of network, boundaries and anything that limits code executability
